Update getting started docs (#148)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-developer-hub.github.io: docs/getting-started/index.md

title: "Getting Started"
---

Welcome to the Substrate Developer Hub. 

> As a next generation blockchain framework, Substrate is designed to help majority of developers build decentralized application to improve their business value. 

Reviewer: Where are you getting these statements from?
I am not saying they are bad, but I feel that this kind of voice should be coming from some of our buisness folks or upper management.

Author: These statements are from my understanding with Substrate, I agree with you we should get confirmation from business folks or management people. 
Do you have a person in your mind to help review these statements?

Reviewer 2: We'll work on a more approachable introduction to Substrate. For the time being, let's stick to the facts and feel free to ping me when in doubt. In this instance, please leave this out.

Author: Sure, already updated to be consistent with the project README.

> There are two ways to build decentralized application in Substrate ecosystem, one is to build your own business specific blockchain, the other is to run your business with Smart Contract. As you walk through the documents, you will learn more details.

Reviewer: What about Substrate based front end experiences?

I would be hesitant to add any lines like "There are two ways to use Substrate"...

Author: * I believe front end experiences can be merged into the generic blockchain development and smart contract development.
* Already refactor `There are two ways to use Substrate...`

## Tutorials

> We have provided many end to end workshops to help you learn different parts of Substrate. Go to [Tutorials](/tutorials/) page, pick the one your are interested most and get your hands dirty!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have provided many end to end tutorials to help you learn about the different parts of Substrate. Go to [Tutorials](/tutorials/) page, pick the one you are most interested in, and get your hands dirty!
```

## Products

> Within the Substrate ecosystem, you can build blockchains, smart contracts, and even user interfaces! Here is a quick overview of the different products which comprise these spaces:

Reviewer: I think it should be singular "space"

```suggestion
Within the Substrate ecosystem, you can build blockchains, smart contracts, and even user interfaces! Here is a quick overview of the different products which comprise this space:
```

Author: Here `these spaces` are used to refer to `blockchains, smart contracts, and even user interfaces`, should it be plural? I'm not an English native speaker, correct me if I'm wrong.

Reviewer: The word "space" already has some reference to a "bunch of things". Usually things grouped in a category. I would use "space" to refer to all things blockchain. I would use "spaces" to refer to different kinds of topics like blockchains, cars, computers, etc...

> * [Substrate](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate): A next generation blockchain development framework built using WebAssembly, Libp2p and GRANDPA Consensus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Substrate](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate): A next generation blockchain development framework built using WebAssembly, Libp2p, and GRANDPA Consensus.
```

Why is GRANDPA consensus called out here? Where did Rust go?
Again, I think we need direction from our business/marketing for these kinds of statements.

Author: This description is from the [README](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate#2-description), I was thought to make it consistent.

* [ink!](https://github.com/paritytech/ink): A Rust based eDSL for building WebAssembly based smart contracts compatible with Substrate's Contract module.
* [Polkadot-JS/API](https://github.com/polkadot-js/api): Promise and RxJS APIs for interacting with Substrate-based chains via RPC calls.
* [Polkadot-JS/Apps](https://github.com/polkadot-js/apps): A basic UI for interacting with all features of a Substrate node. Powered by Polkadot-JS/API.
* [oo7-substrate](https://github.com/paritytech/oo7/tree/master/packages/oo7-substrate): A ReactJS based API for interacting with Substrate-based chains via RPC Calls.
* [Substrate UI](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate-ui): A basic ReactJS based UI built for quickly building new interfaces for Substrate chains. Powered by oo7-substrate.

> ## Reference documents

Reviewer: I think it makes sense to have this as the first line since users may be looking for this when clicking docs. They should not have to read all the other lines to get where they want to go.

Author: Done, move it to the first section on this page.
